Documentation Restructure (#1231)
NVIDIA/NeMo-Agent-Toolkit: docs/source/resources/contributing/cursor/cursor-rules-reference.md

| ------------- | ------------------------------------ | ----------------------------- |
| Foundation    | `general`                            | Code quality and standards    |
| Foundation    | `cursor-rules`                       | Managing cursor rules         |
| Setup         | `nat-setup/general`                  | Environment setup             |
| Setup         | `nat-setup/nat-toolkit-installation` | Installation procedures       |
| CLI           | `nat-cli/general`                    | General CLI usage             |
| CLI           | `nat-cli/nat-workflow`               | Workflow management           |
| CLI           | `nat-cli/nat-run-serve`              | Running and serving           |
| CLI           | `nat-cli/nat-eval`                   | Performance evaluation        |
| CLI           | `nat-cli/nat-info`                   | System information            |
| Workflow      | `nat-workflows/general`              | Workflow design               |
| Workflow      | `nat-workflows/add-functions`        | Function development          |
| Workflow      | `nat-workflows/add-tools`            | Tool integration              |

> | Agents        | `nat-agents/general`                 | Agent selection & integration |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Agents        | `nat-agents/general`                 | Agent selection and integration |
```

<!-- path-check-skip-end -->

## Usage Tips

- **Copy Exact Prompts**: Use the provided prompts exactly as shown for best results
- **Customize for Your Needs**: Modify prompts with specific project details
- **Chain Rules**: Use multiple rules together for complex development tasks
- **Reference Documentation**: Follow the "Related Documentation" links for deeper understanding
- **Test Incrementally**: Apply one rule at a time and test the results

> For tutorials and examples on using these rules, see [Build a Demo Agent Workflow Using Cursor Rules for NeMo Agent Toolkit](../../../get-started/tutorials/build-a-demo-agent-workflow-using-cursor-rules.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For tutorials and examples on using these rules, refer to [Build a Demo Agent Workflow Using Cursor Rules for NeMo Agent Toolkit](../../../get-started/tutorials/build-a-demo-agent-workflow-using-cursor-rules.md).
```
